hello and welcome to JT Hughes in Newton
my name is Ian and today I'll be showing
you around one of our non franchisee
vehicles and this is a smart car it's
the smart fortwo and it's the pulse
model the vehicle was registered in
November 2008 and is on a 58 plate and
it's had one former key pair the car as
it stands has covered twelve thousand
one hundred and forty eight miles it's
in really really nice condition the
color of the car is metallic black with
white body panels just walk your rainy
outside you can see it's got a nice set
of 15-inch alloy wheels on there moving
around to the back of the vehicle it's
got a split load in boots by the press
of a button you can just open up the
glass you can access the boot area and
two little clips allows you to drop the
tailgates and gives you full access to
the boot also space is quite important
and they've developed a little carry
case into the tailgate to allow you to
store a few extra items moving around
into the driver seat now this car is a
Tiptronic gearbox it's a 1 litre petrol
engine very cheap to tax and you're
going to get a high MPG you'll also get
a single CD player electric front
windows and you also get a nice
panoramic glass roof
this car also has remote central locking
and front fog lights
now the smart car is very cheap to
insure cheap to tax and it would be an
ideal car for 90 second car or perhaps
even for a lunar driver so for more
information on this vehicle please
contact myself where you can ask for
Darren or Gareth if you like any more
information we will be happy to give it
to you or if you fancy a test drive
reviewing we can make the necessary
arrangements thank you